<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [FastFormValidator][1]
    *   [Properties][2]
    *   [onTheseIDs][3]
        *   [Parameters][4]
    *   [setStrategy][5]
        *   [Parameters][6]
    *   [validate][7]
*   [Student][8]
    *   [Properties][9]

## FastFormValidator

used as FFV is a streamlined solution to validate input fields.

Type: [Object][10]

### Properties

*   `onTheseIDs` **[Function][11]** a list of input field IDs to be
    validated.
*   `onEmail` **[Function][11]** The ID of the email input field.
*   `onPassword` **[Function][11]** The ID of the password input field.
*   `onDateOfBirth` **[Function][11]** The ID of the date input field.
*   `setStrategy` **[Function][11]** the ID of an input field and the respective function to validate that input.
*   `onSubmitButton` **[Function][11]** The ID of the form's submit button.
*   `displayErrorsHere` **[Function][11]** The ID of the HTML container
    that will contain the list of feedback Messages.
*   `validate` **[Function][11]** starts the validating
    process.

### onTheseIDs

Provide FastFormValidator with a list of IDs of the input fields
to be validated

Type: [Function][11]

#### Parameters

*   `listOfIDs` **[String][12]** A comma separated list of input ID's

Returns **[FastFormValidator][13]** The FFV module

### setStrategy

Provide FastFormValidator with the ID of an input field and the respective function to validate that input field

#### Parameters

*   `id` **[String][12]** ID of an input field
*   `strategyFunction` **[Function][11]** function to validate that input field

Returns **[FastFormValidator][13]** The FFV module

### validate

The last method that should be called  after setting strategies
for inputs or after using default strategies, it starts the validating
process

Returns **[Boolean][14]** true if the all fields have valid input, false otherwise

## Student

A student
FastFormValidator

Type: [Object][10]

### Properties

*   `id` **[number][15]** Student ID
*   `name` **[string][12]** Student name
*   `age` **([string][12] | [number][15])?** Student age (optional)
*   `isActive` **[boolean][14]** Student is active

[1]: #fastformvalidator

[2]: #properties

[3]: #ontheseids

[4]: #parameters

[5]: #setstrategy

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #validate

[8]: #student

[9]: #properties-1

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: #fastformvalidator

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
